# CS-370
**Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?**
In this project, I was required to implement Deep Q-learning into the Treasure hunt maze game. This implementation would allow the agent to find the most optimal path to the goal while also maximizing its reward. I was provided with the game environment that included the maze as a matrix, code that allowed each experience to be remembered by the agent to learn from, the build model for the game's neural network, and a function to determine if the agent can win the game based on the maze at all. The main function that I was tasked with completing was to create the Q-training algorithm to fully implement Deep Q-learning. After creating this algorithm and successfully running the entire project, the agent was able to reach a 100% win rate by maximizing its score after 189 epochs ran.

**What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?**
I believe that computer scientists look at problems in society and the world as a whole to see how they could be fixed or improved with technology. They see how they can expand the scope and ability of programs and technology while also improving the lives of others. Not only does this matter to the advancement of many forms of technology, but it also matters to billions of people who can benefit from the discovery of easier ways of doing things in their lives. While the goal of computer scientists isn't to make life simple to the point of stagnation, the progress computer scientists have made in recent years has helped many difficult tasks in society become not only more efficient but more streamlined as a whole.

**How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?**
I would approach a problem as a computer scientist by first seeing what currently exists, if anything, to deal with the problem itself. This would allow me to see what has already been done and learn from its pitfalls or successes. Then I would next see if any already created algorithms or technology could immediately help to remedy the problem. After these two steps, I would then start looking into what specific impacts these technological improvements would have on the problem as a whole to make sure that there are no serious ethical or technological strains from its improvement. Finally, I would begin development on the solution to the problem while constantly testing it to make sure it works properly before sending it out into the world. 

**What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?**
The main ethical responsibility that I have to the end user is to make sure that their privacy and data are secure no matter what project I am working on. In the case of developing AI and machine learning, I need to make sure that the data I am using to train models is safe, free-use data that is available for me to use to lessen the risk of user data being at risk of being leaked. This also ties into my responsibility to my organization as I want anything I create to not lead to any privacy concerns with the organization I'm working for. If I am creating something that relies on user data or information to function, I need to make sure that the people using the software have peace of mind that their data is safe and protected with the project.
